feat: huawei v100 bsp error publishing (#1614)
EVerest/everest-core: modules/HardwareDrivers/PowerSupplies/Huawei_V100R023C10/doc.rst

      "psu_port_available": "AVAILABLE",
      "rated_output_power_psu": 60000.0
    }

``base_topic/connector/1/dispenser_to_psu``

.. code-block:: json

    {
      "bsp_event": "PowerOn",
      "dc_output_contactor_fault_alarm": false,
      "everest_mode": "Export",
      "everest_phase": "Charging",
      "export_current": 20.0,
      "export_voltage": 400.0,
      "output_current": 0.0,
      "output_voltage": 0.0,
      "upstream_voltage": 0.0
    }

``base_topic/psu``

.. code-block:: json

    {
      "ac_input_current_a": 10.0,
      "ac_input_current_b": 10.5,
      "ac_input_current_c": 9.5,
      "ac_input_voltage_a": 230.0,
      "ac_input_voltage_b": 231.0,
      "ac_input_voltage_c": 229.0,
      "psu_running_mode": "RUNNING",
      "total_historic_input_energy": 100000.0
    }

``base_topic/dispenser/published_alarms``

.. code-block:: json

    {
      "door_status_alarm": false,
      "epo_alarm": false,
      "tilt_alarm": false,
      "water_alarm": false
    }

The units are SI units (Amps, Volts, Watts, Watt-hours).

.. note::

    All telemetry values can be null, indicating that no value has been received or sent yet.

BSP Errors
==========

> This driver supports publishing a few BSP errors to the Power supply unit as Dispenser and Conenctor Alarms:

Reviewer: This would be more precise imo
```suggestion
This driver supports setting specific errors to the Power supply unit as Dispenser and Conenctor Alarms as a reaction to EVerest BSP errors:
```
